How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see
the bug that was introduced?

At first, i was overwhelmed a bit with the question.
With all the code I was thinking, How can i possibly find
a misspelled word in all this code?"  I was hoping for another
"how many lines were updated question".  I realize now that if I was
simply looking at the one document that 
housed all my code and trying to debug the same issue it wouldve been 
even more overwhelming.  Version control presents the specific changes 
from the previous document to help condense the area that should be 
reviewed.


How could having a software that shows all the history of the changes 
you've made to a file make you a more proficient programmer in the long 
term?


I could revert back to previous documents if necessary and I would have
access to only the changes I've made when reviewing my work
rather than sifting through all the material and trying to
remember every step and line of code I changed


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google docs does?

The pro is you can clearly structure it to represent
individual updates on a project, basically catalouging for
efficiency and increased productivity/collaboration.  The con 
is that it's not automated--the One Commit per Logical Change
solution requires a manual save by the user--
who is prone to error lol.  He/She may save too often
or too late or nothing at all.

When do you think some version control systems,
like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I'm not sure.  Either Git was just an improved/modified idea
that Google Docs and Dropbox shared or they were built with
different intended purposes.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff
to view the history of files?

git log shows the commit history of a repository.  i can
compare commits with git diff putting the newest id first,
then listing the previous version's commit id.  
Like this: git dif newer_id older_id

note: press q to exit git log, h for help
commits are listed by newest first
you can click on the icon in the upper left corner
choose edit>mark> (highlight text with cursor)>press
enter to copy in git bash.  use {INSERT} to paste

How might using version control make you more confident to make
changes that could break something?

With git I can easily run previous file versions to
discover which commit includes the first instance of
the bug.  Then I can run git diff against the previous 
commit to clearly see what edits were made.